Hello hello everyone, today we will give you a review of HDFC
Ergo's Optima Restore plan vs.
ICICI Mumbai's Advantage plan.
As you all know that ICC
Loomba has taken over the Indian General Insurance Company.
Now all the products of
Indian General Insurance Company will be from ICC
and
if you are
looking for any subscription products for yourself then you should definitely
check this out because both of them subscribe very well.
Talking about entry,
in entry, entry is 16 years, child entries 02 no. up
to 25 years. Both the products can be
selected as Meghnad subscription, whereas
in the help desk line of ICC number,
you can select between Rs 5 lakh and Rs 3 crore.
In this Health Advantage line, we are
covering only two variants which are
your Royal and Apex. Free
hospitalization is in HDFC Ergo Gift
in our stop line and Health Advantage
ICU ward has sewerage. Post
hospitalization is 118 in HDFC Ergo's Optima
Restore plan whereas ICC Loomba is
90 days in your Health Advantage line.
Talking about hair treatment,
HDFC Ergo has a hair
treatment cover, whereas Health Advantage
plan has a treatment cover of Rs. 586, which is a
mixed treatment.
You can avail treatment for up to 10 minutes in both the plans.
Domiciliary treatment is that treatment.
If the policy holder is in such a
situation that the policy holder
cannot visit the hospital, or if the
beds are not available in the hospital, then the policy holder can
avail treatment from his home, which is
called domiciliary treatment. There are
some guidelines in this. A minimum treatment of three days is
compulsory. There
should be a doctor consultant and the company does not claim for pre and post hospitalization in this,
but in HDFC Ergo's
Optima Restore plan, you can
claim off post hospitalization.
Organ Donor plan, you can avail treatment for up to 10 minutes in both the plans.
Road
Ambulance. HDFC Ergo's Optima
Restore has 204 treatments, whereas Help
Advantage has one per cent of means and
maximum 1000 hospitalizations.  You
can claim air ambulance in Optima Restore
plan for Rs 10 lakh and above.
In which you can claim for
hospitalization up to Rs 2.5 lakh and maximum up to 7
minutes. Whereas
in Health Advantage plan, air ambulance feature
is not inbuilt. You will have to add it optionally
for which it will have to be done at an extra premium.
Restore benefit is available
in both the products. The no claim bonus will increase up to 10 minutes in the policy year
and if you click on it, it
decreases at the same speed at which it increases.
In Gita, it is 20 percent which
means that if your no claim bonus
increases, it will
not decrease in the event of withdrawal. For example, if you do
not subscribe, then after three years, if
you click on continue, then it will
not decrease. On the
other hand, HDFC Ergo's Optima Restore
plan has different features which we are putting on the screen,
you can check it.  You can like
on a policy of 10 lakhs you can avail luxury benefits of up to ₹5000 every year,
in a policy of 5 lakhs you can avail Rs. 2500 for 2 years
in tamarind footer, whenever in the help desk line of this loot
it is 0.5 per cent of chilli and
maximum 1000 you can click on
subscribe, you
can subscribe in which 3 years, whereas
in this you
can subscribe here, if
any problem arises due to 3 years ghee, then you can get
treatment for obesity,
ghee should be
409 plus gold, if it is 35 plus B and the
situation of the policy holder is very bad, there is
type-2 diabetes, this is another disease and the
doctor consults, then in that situation the
policy holder can avail the benefit of British surgery that
it should be minimum, if
animals do
dog fight then
I can suffer 10,000, that is
you
can subscribe in Ayurveda Siddha Unani, there are guidelines in this, from
where you get it done, it
should be a government hospital  There should be a government att
center, there is
no tension in the subscribe benefit room, if the patient is
admitted then the company
gives cash van fit to some hospital which is 20 thousand
rupees once a year,
you will get it in the dentist plan, whereas
this benefit is not available in HDFC Ergo, that is, you can avail
some benefits in this plan, you
can avail the benefits up to the maximum, this channel
cannot be made available in subscription, you
can subscribe to the maximum and in this the minimum
policy holder can get it, it will have to be done
and if you do not do it then you cannot avail the
benefit and
you can also add optional for question baby,
turn it around in the health advantage plan,
this option is not available in this zip serial,
you can add a reminder, it
is optional, after that you will not have to pay
from your pocket whatever amount is for the bill items,
if your claim is up
to fifty thousand then your no claim
bonus will also not be feared and whatever inflation  The
government clears that percentage in
front of you, which will be added to your sum insured every year. For
example, if the
government declares percentage conflicts
and your policy is 10 lakhs,
then next year your
6000 will be added to your premium within a minute.
Talking about zones,
12 zones are available in HDFC Ergo Don and Don-2.
You can get your treatment done in any zone by taking a policy from anywhere. There is
no limitation of any kind, but
help the dentist plane. 319 are
available in it. Zone-1 is Delhi-NCR,
Noida, Mumbai, Thane, Kwath. Extra Zone-2
is all state capitals. In this,
all the states of your zone are completely quoted.
If you select here, then you
get a discount of 12.5 percent on the premium. But if you have to get
treatment done in Delhi or NCR, that is,
in the zone, then you will have to pay 12.5 percent.
If you
select the premium of Jonathon, then you will have to pay 15 percent.  You will
get a discount on the 2nd year policy but if you get the
treatment done in other states then you will have to
pay 12.5 and 15th year
policy. Zone-3 is called Rest of India Policy. In State and HDFC Ergo,
you can take a policy for 2 years and for this,
whereas in Advantage, you can take a policy for one year, two years and three
years. It is available
in DSC and Google Play Store. There is 7.5 percent discount on 2-year policy
whereas 102-year
policy is 7 percent. Option of Desperation is available for 3-year policy.
Family size is
Chief Minister * 223 style. Same is available
in Health Advantage also but you can also add
parents and guardians in Health Advantage plan.
Another very unique feature in Advantage plan is that you
can reduce your premium like by
setting higher optional features. You can also get a discount on premium by reducing the Prince Post
Hospitalization from 30 to 6 years.
You can get a discount on your premium by getting the pre-existing disease done in 2 years to 4 years.  You
can make the payment which is tan and 2
years and you can select any one and
take the premium paid option. This option is
strange. Ergograph Bimari Store
is not available in Play Store. You can claim tax benefit
up to 2500 in both the plans
under section LTD. If
you feel that you have not selected the right plan, then
you can cancel your plan after the free look period which is
15 days and
get a refund. Surya is the comparison
about Ergograph Money Plant vs Nitish Kumar's Health Advantage Plan. Like it and if you liked the video, then
we keep bringing such information, so
please like and subscribe to our channel.
Thank you for
watching.